Reference release version of ethos (#11137)
cvc5/cvc5: NEWS.md

  * **API**
    + The option `--proof-format=cpc` prints proofs in the CPC format.
      This option is now enabled by default.
  * The **Ethos** proof checker is available, which can check proofs in this

>     format. In particular, the 0.1.0 release of Ethos can check proofs from
>     this release of cvc5. This checker is the second generation of the the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    format. In particular, the 0.1.0 release of Ethos can check proofs generated
    by this version of cvc5. This checker is the second generation of the
```
